ddl: design doc for `admin pause/resume ddl jobs` (#43159)
pingcap/tidb: docs/design/2023-04-15-ddl-pause-resume.md

from that place.

Also, such feature will benefit the Upgrade of the TiDB Cluster.

## Goal

Add two commands to pause and resume a long-running DDL job. In particularly:
1. `admin pause ddl jobs 3,5;`

The jobs (here are job 3 and job 5) should be in Running or Queueing(Wait)
state. Other states should be rejected.

2. `admin resume ddl jobs 3,5;`

Only Paused jobs could be resumed. Other states should be rejected.

## Architecture

There is no change on the architecture, just following the current one.

## Detail Design

The whole design is simple:
1. Add pause/resume in parser
2. Add builder in planner
3. Add builder in executor
4. Valid the job's state, and turn it to be Pausing, if `admin pause ...`
by end user

    4.1 Valid the state first, only Running job could be paused, just like
`admin cancel ...`

    4.2 Turn the state to be Pausing

    4.3 Background worker will check the state, and turn the state to be Paused,
then just return and stay in current stage; And this is what is different from
`admin cancel ...`

    4.4 Background worker will continue fetching the job and check the state, and
keep doing nothing until the state changed

>     4.5 Specially, the Reorg state could take a long time, we also need to check

Reviewer: Should we give the level of waiting time, like seconds? `a long time` is not a good expression.

the state of the job, and stop the reorg accordingly

5. Validate the job's state, and turn it to be Queueing, if `admin resume ...`
by end user

>     5.1 After the job's state changed, the background worker should check it and stop the work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    5.1 After the job's state changes, the background worker should check it and resume the job execution.
```

Author: done

    5.2 No other actions should be taken

### State Machine

> ![state-machine](./imgs/ddl_job_state_machine.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![state-machine](/imgs/ddl_job_state_machine.png)
```

## Usage

1. Create an index

    `create index idx_usr on t_user(name);`

2. In another session, show the DDL jobs

    `admin show ddl jobs;`

    It will show all the DDL jobs. Find the running one (job_id) you want to pause.

3. Pause the job by

    `admin pause ddl jobs $job_id` ---- $job_id is what you get from earlier step

4. Resume the paused job

    Also, you can find the Paused jobs by :

>     `admin show ddl jobs;`

Reviewer: Default show job number is 10? should add nums parameter?

Author: How about a link to doc on admin show?
